<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title></title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../OpenApi.css"/><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/></head><body><article><section  class="requestOverview"><h1  class="requestSummary">DeleteCustomersCustomerSubscriptionsSubscriptionExposedId</h1><p  class="requestDescription"><p>Cancels a customer’s subscription. If you set the <code>at_period_end</code> parameter to <code>true</code>, the subscription will remain active until the end of the period, at which point it will be canceled and not renewed. Otherwise, with the default <code>false</code> value, the subscription is terminated immediately. In either case, the customer will not be charged again for the subscription.</p>

<p>Note, however, that any pending invoice items that you’ve created will still be charged for at the end of the period, unless manually <a href="#delete_invoiceitem">deleted</a>. If you’ve set the subscription to cancel at the end of the period, any pending prorations will also be left in place and collected at the end of the period. But if the subscription is set to cancel immediately, pending prorations will be removed.</p>

<p>By default, upon subscription cancellation, Stripe will stop automatic collection of all finalized invoices for the customer. This is intended to prevent unexpected payment attempts after the customer has canceled a subscription. However, you can resume automatic collection of the invoices manually after subscription cancellation to have us proceed. Or, you could check for unpaid invoices before allowing the customer to cancel the subscription at all.</p></p></section><section  class="http"><h3>HTTP Request</h3><pre  class="httpExample"><span  class="requestLine">DELETE</span> <span  class="httpTarget">\v1\customers\{customer}\subscriptions\{subscription_exposed_id}</span> <span  class="httpVersion">HTTP/1.1</span>
<span  class="headerLine">host</span>: <span  class="headerValue">api.stripe.com:443</span>
<span  class="headerLine">eTag</span>: <span  class="headerValue">"23423432"</span>
<span  class="headerLine">accept</span>: <span  class="headerValue">application/json</span>
<span  class="headerLine">content-type</span>: <span  class="headerValue">application/x-www-form-urlencoded</span>

{ &quot;example&quot;: &quot;Example goes here&quot; }</pre></section><dl  class="parameters"><h3>Parameters</h3><dt  class="parameter"><span  class="parameterName">customer</span> [ in: <span  class="parameterLocation">path</span> type: <span  class="parameterType">string</span> ]</dt><dd  class="parameter"><span  class="parameterDescription"></span> <span  class="parameterRequired">required</span></dd><dt  class="parameter"><span  class="parameterName">subscription_exposed_id</span> [ in: <span  class="parameterLocation">path</span> type: <span  class="parameterType">string</span> ]</dt><dd  class="parameter"><span  class="parameterDescription"></span> <span  class="parameterRequired">required</span></dd></dl><section  class="requestContent"><h3>Request Body Schema</h3><pre  class="schema">{&#xA;  &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;    &quot;expand&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;maxLength&quot;: 5000,&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Specifies which fields in the response should be expanded.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;invoice_now&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Can be set to `true` if `at_period_end` is not set to `true`. Will generate a final invoice that invoices for any un-invoiced metered usage and new/pending proration invoice items.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;prorate&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Can be set to `true` if `at_period_end` is not set to `true`. Will generate a proration invoice item that credits remaining unused time until the subscription period end.&quot;&#xA;    }&#xA;  },&#xA;  &quot;additionalProperties&quot;: false&#xA;}</pre></section><section  class="responses"><h2>Responses</h2><ul  class="responses"><li  class="response"><span  class="statusLine">200</span> <span  class="statusDescription">Successful response.</span></li><li  class="response"><span  class="statusLine">default</span> <span  class="statusDescription">Error response.</span></li></ul></section></article></body></html>