<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title></title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../OpenApi.css"/><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/></head><body><article><section  class="requestOverview"><h1  class="requestSummary">PostPaymentIntentsIntentCapture</h1><p  class="requestDescription"><p>Capture the funds of an existing uncaptured PaymentIntent when its status is <code>requires_capture</code>.</p>

<p>Uncaptured PaymentIntents will be canceled a set number of days after they are created (7 by default).</p>

<p>Learn more about <a href="/docs/payments/capture-later">separate authorization and capture</a>.</p></p></section><section  class="http"><h3>HTTP Request</h3><pre  class="httpExample"><span  class="requestLine">POST</span> <span  class="httpTarget">\v1\payment_intents\{intent}\capture</span> <span  class="httpVersion">HTTP/1.1</span>
<span  class="headerLine">host</span>: <span  class="headerValue">api.stripe.com:443</span>
<span  class="headerLine">eTag</span>: <span  class="headerValue">"23423432"</span>
<span  class="headerLine">accept</span>: <span  class="headerValue">application/json</span>
<span  class="headerLine">content-type</span>: <span  class="headerValue">application/x-www-form-urlencoded</span>

{ &quot;example&quot;: &quot;Example goes here&quot; }</pre></section><dl  class="parameters"><h3>Parameters</h3><dt  class="parameter"><span  class="parameterName">intent</span> [ in: <span  class="parameterLocation">path</span> type: <span  class="parameterType">string</span> ]</dt><dd  class="parameter"><span  class="parameterDescription"></span> <span  class="parameterRequired">required</span></dd></dl><section  class="requestContent"><h3>Request Body Schema</h3><pre  class="schema">{&#xA;  &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;    &quot;amount_to_capture&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The amount to capture from the PaymentIntent, which must be less than or equal to the original amount. Any additional amount will be automatically refunded. Defaults to the full `amount_capturable` if not provided.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;application_fee_amount&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The amount of the application fee (if any) that will be requested to be applied to the payment and transferred to the application owner&#x27;s Stripe account. The amount of the application fee collected will be capped at the total payment amount. For more information, see the PaymentIntents [use case for connected accounts](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/connected-accounts).&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;expand&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;maxLength&quot;: 5000,&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Specifies which fields in the response should be expanded.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;statement_descriptor&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 22,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;For non-card charges, you can use this value as the complete description that appears on your customers&#x2019; statements. Must contain at least one letter, maximum 22 characters.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;statement_descriptor_suffix&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 22,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Provides information about a card payment that customers see on their statements. Concatenated with the prefix (shortened descriptor) or statement descriptor that&#x2019;s set on the account to form the complete statement descriptor. Maximum 22 characters for the concatenated descriptor.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;transfer_data&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;title&quot;: &quot;transfer_data_update_params&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;amount&quot;: {&#xA;          &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;&#xA;        }&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The parameters used to automatically create a Transfer when the payment\nis captured. For more information, see the PaymentIntents [use case for connected accounts](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/connected-accounts).&quot;&#xA;    }&#xA;  },&#xA;  &quot;additionalProperties&quot;: false&#xA;}</pre></section><section  class="responses"><h2>Responses</h2><ul  class="responses"><li  class="response"><span  class="statusLine">200</span> <span  class="statusDescription">Successful response.</span></li><li  class="response"><span  class="statusLine">default</span> <span  class="statusDescription">Error response.</span></li></ul></section></article></body></html>