<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title></title><link rel="stylesheet" href="../OpenApi.css"/><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/></head><body><article><section  class="requestOverview"><h1  class="requestSummary">PostPaymentIntentsIntentIncrementAuthorization</h1><p  class="requestDescription"><p>Perform an incremental authorization on an eligible
<a href="/docs/api/payment_intents/object">PaymentIntent</a>. To be eligible, the
PaymentIntent’s status must be <code>requires_capture</code> and
<a href="/docs/api/charges/object#charge_object-payment_method_details-card_present-incremental_authorization_supported">incremental_authorization_supported</a>
must be <code>true</code>.</p>

<p>Incremental authorizations attempt to increase the authorized amount on
your customer’s card to the new, higher <code>amount</code> provided. As with the
initial authorization, incremental authorizations may be declined. A
single PaymentIntent can call this endpoint multiple times to further
increase the authorized amount.</p>

<p>If the incremental authorization succeeds, the PaymentIntent object is
returned with the updated
<a href="/docs/api/payment_intents/object#payment_intent_object-amount">amount</a>.
If the incremental authorization fails, a
<a href="/docs/error-codes#card-declined">card_declined</a> error is returned, and no
fields on the PaymentIntent or Charge are updated. The PaymentIntent
object remains capturable for the previously authorized amount.</p>

<p>Each PaymentIntent can have a maximum of 10 incremental authorization attempts, including declines.
Once captured, a PaymentIntent can no longer be incremented.</p>

<p>Learn more about <a href="/docs/terminal/features/incremental-authorizations">incremental authorizations</a>.</p></p></section><section  class="http"><h3>HTTP Request</h3><pre  class="httpExample"><span  class="requestLine">POST</span> <span  class="httpTarget">\v1\payment_intents\{intent}\increment_authorization</span> <span  class="httpVersion">HTTP/1.1</span>
<span  class="headerLine">host</span>: <span  class="headerValue">api.stripe.com:443</span>
<span  class="headerLine">eTag</span>: <span  class="headerValue">"23423432"</span>
<span  class="headerLine">accept</span>: <span  class="headerValue">application/json</span>
<span  class="headerLine">content-type</span>: <span  class="headerValue">application/x-www-form-urlencoded</span>

{ &quot;example&quot;: &quot;Example goes here&quot; }</pre></section><dl  class="parameters"><h3>Parameters</h3><dt  class="parameter"><span  class="parameterName">intent</span> [ in: <span  class="parameterLocation">path</span> type: <span  class="parameterType">string</span> ]</dt><dd  class="parameter"><span  class="parameterDescription"></span> <span  class="parameterRequired">required</span></dd></dl><section  class="requestContent"><h3>Request Body Schema</h3><pre  class="schema">{&#xA;  &quot;required&quot;: [&#xA;    &quot;amount&quot;&#xA;  ],&#xA;  &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;    &quot;amount&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The updated total amount you intend to collect from the cardholder. This amount must be greater than the currently authorized amount.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;application_fee_amount&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The amount of the application fee (if any) that will be requested to be applied to the payment and transferred to the application owner&#x27;s Stripe account. The amount of the application fee collected will be capped at the total payment amount. For more information, see the PaymentIntents [use case for connected accounts](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/connected-accounts).&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;description&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 1000,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;An arbitrary string attached to the object. Often useful for displaying to users.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;expand&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;maxLength&quot;: 5000,&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Specifies which fields in the response should be expanded.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;metadata&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;additionalProperties&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Set of [key-value pairs](https://stripe.com/docs/api/metadata) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;statement_descriptor&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 22,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;For non-card charges, you can use this value as the complete description that appears on your customers&#x2019; statements. Must contain at least one letter, maximum 22 characters.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;transfer_data&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;title&quot;: &quot;transfer_data_update_params&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;amount&quot;: {&#xA;          &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;&#xA;        }&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The parameters used to automatically create a Transfer when the payment is captured.\nFor more information, see the PaymentIntents [use case for connected accounts](https://stripe.com/docs/payments/connected-accounts).&quot;&#xA;    }&#xA;  },&#xA;  &quot;additionalProperties&quot;: false&#xA;}</pre></section><section  class="responses"><h2>Responses</h2><ul  class="responses"><li  class="response"><span  class="statusLine">200</span> <span  class="statusDescription">Successful response.</span></li><li  class="response"><span  class="statusLine">default</span> <span  class="statusDescription">Error response.</span></li></ul></section></article></body></html>