<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title></title><link rel="stylesheet" href="./OpenApi.css"/><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/></head><body><article><section class="requestOverview"><h1 class="request-summary">PostChargesChargeCapture</h1><p class="request-description"><p>Capture the payment of an existing, uncaptured, charge. This is the second half of the two-step payment flow, where first you <a href="#create_charge">created a charge</a> with the capture option set to false.</p>

<p>Uncaptured payments expire a set number of days after they are created (<a href="/docs/charges/placing-a-hold">7 by default</a>). If they are not captured by that point in time, they will be marked as refunded and will no longer be capturable.</p></p></section><section class="http"><h3>HTTP Request</h3><pre class="http-example"><span class="request-line">POST</span> <span class="http-target">\v1\charges\{charge}\capture</span> <span class="http-version">HTTP/1.1</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">host</span>: <span class="header-value">api.stripe.com:443</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">accept</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/x-www-form-urlencoded</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></section><dl class="parameters"><h3>Parameters</h3><dt class="parameter"><span class="parameter-name">charge</span> [ in: <span class="parameter-location">path</span> type: <span class="parameter-type">string</span> ]</dt><dd class="parameter"><span class="parameter-description"></span> <span class="parameter-required">required</span></dd></dl><section class="requestContent"><h3>Request Body Schema</h3><pre class="schema">{&#xA;  &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;    &quot;amount&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The amount to capture, which must be less than or equal to the original amount. Any additional amount will be automatically refunded.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;application_fee&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;An application fee to add on to this charge.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;application_fee_amount&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;An application fee amount to add on to this charge, which must be less than or equal to the original amount.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;expand&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;maxLength&quot;: 5000,&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Specifies which fields in the response should be expanded.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;receipt_email&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The email address to send this charge&#x27;s receipt to. This will override the previously-specified email address for this charge, if one was set. Receipts will not be sent in test mode.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;statement_descriptor&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 22,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;For card charges, use `statement_descriptor_suffix` instead. Otherwise, you can use this value as the complete description of a charge on your customers&#x2019; statements. Must contain at least one letter, maximum 22 characters.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;statement_descriptor_suffix&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 22,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Provides information about the charge that customers see on their statements. Concatenated with the prefix (shortened descriptor) or statement descriptor that&#x2019;s set on the account to form the complete statement descriptor. Maximum 22 characters for the concatenated descriptor.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;transfer_data&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;title&quot;: &quot;transfer_data_specs&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;amount&quot;: {&#xA;          &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;&#xA;        }&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;An optional dictionary including the account to automatically transfer to as part of a destination charge. [See the Connect documentation](https://stripe.com/docs/connect/destination-charges) for details.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;transfer_group&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;A string that identifies this transaction as part of a group. `transfer_group` may only be provided if it has not been set. See the [Connect documentation](https://stripe.com/docs/connect/charges-transfers#transfer-options) for details.&quot;&#xA;    }&#xA;  },&#xA;  &quot;additionalProperties&quot;: false&#xA;}</pre></section><section class="responses"><h2>Responses</h2><ul class="responses"><li class="response"><pre class="http-example"><span class="status-line">200</span> <span class="status-description">Successful response.</span>
<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></li><li class="response"><pre class="http-example"><span class="status-line">default</span> <span class="status-description">Error response.</span>
<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></li></ul></section></article></body></html>