<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title></title><link rel="stylesheet" href="./OpenApi.css"/><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/></head><body><article><section class="requestOverview"><h1 class="request-summary">CreateParticipant</h1></section><section class="http"><h3>HTTP Request</h3><pre class="http-example"><span class="request-line">POST</span> <span class="http-target">\2010-04-01\Accounts\{AccountSid}\Conferences\{ConferenceSid}\Participants.json</span> <span class="http-version">HTTP/1.1</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">host</span>: <span class="header-value">api.twilio.com:443</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">accept</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/x-www-form-urlencoded</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></section><dl class="parameters"><h3>Parameters</h3><dt class="parameter"><span class="parameter-name">AccountSid</span> [ in: <span class="parameter-location">path</span> type: <span class="parameter-type">string</span> ]</dt><dd class="parameter"><span class="parameter-description">The SID of the [Account](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/api/account) that will create the resource.</span> <span class="parameter-required">required</span></dd><dt class="parameter"><span class="parameter-name">ConferenceSid</span> [ in: <span class="parameter-location">path</span> type: <span class="parameter-type">string</span> ]</dt><dd class="parameter"><span class="parameter-description">The SID of the participant's conference.</span> <span class="parameter-required">required</span></dd></dl><section class="requestContent"><h3>Request Body Schema</h3><pre class="schema">{&#xA;  &quot;title&quot;: &quot;CreateParticipantRequest&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;required&quot;: [&#xA;    &quot;From&quot;,&#xA;    &quot;To&quot;&#xA;  ],&#xA;  &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;    &quot;AmdStatusCallback&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL that we should call using the `amd_status_callback_method` to notify customer application whether the call was answered by human, machine or fax.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;AmdStatusCallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use when calling the `amd_status_callback` URL. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and the default is `POST`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Beep&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to play a notification beep to the conference when the participant joins. Can be: `true`, `false`, `onEnter`, or `onExit`. The default value is `true`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Byoc&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;minLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;pattern&quot;: &quot;^BY[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The SID of a BYOC (Bring Your Own Carrier) trunk to route this call with. Note that `byoc` is only meaningful when `to` is a phone number; it will otherwise be ignored. (Beta)&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;CallReason&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The Reason for the outgoing call. Use it to specify the purpose of the call that is presented on the called party&#x27;s phone. (Branded Calls Beta)&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;CallSidToCoach&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;minLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;pattern&quot;: &quot;^CA[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The SID of the participant who is being `coached`. The participant being coached is the only participant who can hear the participant who is `coaching`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;CallerId&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The phone number, Client identifier, or username portion of SIP address that made this call. Phone numbers are in [E.164](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-e164) format (e.g., &#x2B;16175551212). Client identifiers are formatted `client:name`. If using a phone number, it must be a Twilio number or a Verified [outgoing caller id](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/outgoing-caller-ids) for your account. If the `to` parameter is a phone number, `callerId` must also be a phone number. If `to` is sip address, this value of `callerId` should be a username portion to be used to populate the From header that is passed to the SIP endpoint.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Coaching&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether the participant is coaching another call. Can be: `true` or `false`. If not present, defaults to `false` unless `call_sid_to_coach` is defined. If `true`, `call_sid_to_coach` must be defined.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;ConferenceRecord&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to record the conference the participant is joining. Can be: `true`, `false`, `record-from-start`, and `do-not-record`. The default value is `false`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;ConferenceRecordingStatusCallback&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL we should call using the `conference_recording_status_callback_method` when the conference recording is available.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;ConferenceRecordingStatusCallbackEvent&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The conference recording state changes that generate a call to `conference_recording_status_callback`. Can be: `in-progress`, `completed`, `failed`, and `absent`. Separate multiple values with a space, ex: `&#x27;in-progress completed failed&#x27;`&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;ConferenceRecordingStatusCallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use to call `conference_recording_status_callback`. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and defaults to `POST`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;ConferenceStatusCallback&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL we should call using the `conference_status_callback_method` when the conference events in `conference_status_callback_event` occur. Only the value set by the first participant to join the conference is used. Subsequent `conference_status_callback` values are ignored.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;ConferenceStatusCallbackEvent&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The conference state changes that should generate a call to `conference_status_callback`. Can be: `start`, `end`, `join`, `leave`, `mute`, `hold`, `modify`, `speaker`, and `announcement`. Separate multiple values with a space. Defaults to `start end`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;ConferenceStatusCallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use to call `conference_status_callback`. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and defaults to `POST`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;ConferenceTrim&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to trim leading and trailing silence from your recorded conference audio files. Can be: `trim-silence` or `do-not-trim` and defaults to `trim-silence`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;EarlyMedia&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to allow an agent to hear the state of the outbound call, including ringing or disconnect messages. Can be: `true` or `false` and defaults to `true`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;EndConferenceOnExit&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to end the conference when the participant leaves. Can be: `true` or `false` and defaults to `false`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;From&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The phone number, Client identifier, or username portion of SIP address that made this call. Phone numbers are in [E.164](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-e164) format (e.g., &#x2B;16175551212). Client identifiers are formatted `client:name`. If using a phone number, it must be a Twilio number or a Verified [outgoing caller id](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/outgoing-caller-ids) for your account. If the `to` parameter is a phone number, `from` must also be a phone number. If `to` is sip address, this value of `from` should be a username portion to be used to populate the P-Asserted-Identity header that is passed to the SIP endpoint.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;endpoint&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;JitterBufferSize&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Jitter buffer size for the connecting participant. Twilio will use this setting to apply Jitter Buffer before participant&#x27;s audio is mixed into the conference. Can be: `off`, `small`, `medium`, and `large`. Default to `large`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Label&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;A label for this participant. If one is supplied, it may subsequently be used to fetch, update or delete the participant.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetection&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to detect if a human, answering machine, or fax has picked up the call. Can be: `Enable` or `DetectMessageEnd`. Use `Enable` if you would like us to return `AnsweredBy` as soon as the called party is identified. Use `DetectMessageEnd`, if you would like to leave a message on an answering machine. If `send_digits` is provided, this parameter is ignored. For more information, see [Answering Machine Detection](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/answering-machine-detection).&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetectionSilenceTimeout&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of milliseconds of initial silence after which an `unknown` AnsweredBy result will be returned. Possible Values: 2000-10000. Default: 5000.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetectionSpeechEndThreshold&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of milliseconds of silence after speech activity at which point the speech activity is considered complete. Possible Values: 500-5000. Default: 1200.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetectionSpeechThreshold&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of milliseconds that is used as the measuring stick for the length of the speech activity, where durations lower than this value will be interpreted as a human and longer than this value as a machine. Possible Values: 1000-6000. Default: 2400.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetectionTimeout&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of seconds that we should attempt to detect an answering machine before timing out and sending a voice request with `AnsweredBy` of `unknown`. The default timeout is 30 seconds.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MaxParticipants&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The maximum number of participants in the conference. Can be a positive integer from `2` to `250`. The default value is `250`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Muted&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether the agent is muted in the conference. Can be `true` or `false` and the default is `false`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Record&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to record the participant and their conferences, including the time between conferences. Can be `true` or `false` and the default is `false`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingChannels&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The recording channels for the final recording. Can be: `mono` or `dual` and the default is `mono`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingStatusCallback&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL that we should call using the `recording_status_callback_method` when the recording status changes.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingStatusCallbackEvent&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The recording state changes that should generate a call to `recording_status_callback`. Can be: `started`, `in-progress`, `paused`, `resumed`, `stopped`, `completed`, `failed`, and `absent`. Separate multiple values with a space, ex: `&#x27;in-progress completed failed&#x27;`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingStatusCallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use when we call `recording_status_callback`. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and defaults to `POST`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingTrack&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The audio track to record for the call. Can be: `inbound`, `outbound` or `both`. The default is `both`. `inbound` records the audio that is received by Twilio. `outbound` records the audio that is sent from Twilio. `both` records the audio that is received and sent by Twilio.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Region&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The [region](https://support.twilio.com/hc/en-us/articles/223132167-How-global-low-latency-routing-and-region-selection-work-for-conferences-and-Client-calls) where we should mix the recorded audio. Can be:`us1`, `ie1`, `de1`, `sg1`, `br1`, `au1`, or `jp1`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;SipAuthPassword&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The SIP password for authentication.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;SipAuthUsername&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The SIP username used for authentication.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;StartConferenceOnEnter&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to start the conference when the participant joins, if it has not already started. Can be: `true` or `false` and the default is `true`. If `false` and the conference has not started, the participant is muted and hears background music until another participant starts the conference.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;StatusCallback&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL we should call using the `status_callback_method` to send status information to your application.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;StatusCallbackEvent&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The conference state changes that should generate a call to `status_callback`. Can be: `initiated`, `ringing`, `answered`, and `completed`. Separate multiple values with a space. The default value is `completed`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;StatusCallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use to call `status_callback`. Can be: `GET` and `POST` and defaults to `POST`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;TimeLimit&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The maximum duration of the call in seconds. Constraints depend on account and configuration.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Timeout&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of seconds that we should allow the phone to ring before assuming there is no answer. Can be an integer between `5` and `600`, inclusive. The default value is `60`. We always add a 5-second timeout buffer to outgoing calls, so  value of 10 would result in an actual timeout that was closer to 15 seconds.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;To&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The phone number, SIP address, or Client identifier that received this call. Phone numbers are in [E.164](https://www.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-e164) format (e.g., &#x2B;16175551212). SIP addresses are formatted as `sip:name@company.com`. Client identifiers are formatted `client:name`. [Custom parameters](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/conference-participant-resource#custom-parameters) may also be specified.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;endpoint&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;WaitMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use to call `wait_url`. Can be `GET` or `POST` and the default is `POST`. When using a static audio file, this should be `GET` so that we can cache the file.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;WaitUrl&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL we should call using the `wait_method` for the music to play while participants are waiting for the conference to start. The default value is the URL of our standard hold music. [Learn more about hold music](https://www.twilio.com/labs/twimlets/holdmusic).&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    }&#xA;  }&#xA;}</pre></section><section class="responses"><h2>Responses</h2><ul class="responses"><li class="response"><pre class="http-example"><span class="status-line">201</span> <span class="status-description">Created</span>
<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></li></ul></section></article></body></html>