<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title></title><link rel="stylesheet" href="./OpenApi.css"/><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/></head><body><article><section class="requestOverview"><h1 class="request-summary">CreateCall</h1><p class="request-description">Create a new outgoing call to phones, SIP-enabled endpoints or Twilio Client connections</p></section><section class="http"><h3>HTTP Request</h3><pre class="http-example"><span class="request-line">POST</span> <span class="http-target">\2010-04-01\Accounts\{AccountSid}\Calls.json</span> <span class="http-version">HTTP/1.1</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">host</span>: <span class="header-value">api.twilio.com:443</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">accept</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/x-www-form-urlencoded</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></section><dl class="parameters"><h3>Parameters</h3><dt class="parameter"><span class="parameter-name">AccountSid</span> [ in: <span class="parameter-location">path</span> type: <span class="parameter-type">string</span> ]</dt><dd class="parameter"><span class="parameter-description">The SID of the [Account](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/api/account) that will create the resource.</span> <span class="parameter-required">required</span></dd></dl><section class="requestContent"><h3>Request Body Schema</h3><pre class="schema">{&#xA;  &quot;title&quot;: &quot;CreateCallRequest&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;required&quot;: [&#xA;    &quot;To&quot;,&#xA;    &quot;From&quot;&#xA;  ],&#xA;  &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;    &quot;ApplicationSid&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;minLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;pattern&quot;: &quot;^AP[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The SID of the Application resource that will handle the call, if the call will be handled by an application.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;AsyncAmd&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Select whether to perform answering machine detection in the background. Default, blocks the execution of the call until Answering Machine Detection is completed. Can be: `true` or `false`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;AsyncAmdStatusCallback&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL that we should call using the `async_amd_status_callback_method` to notify customer application whether the call was answered by human, machine or fax.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;AsyncAmdStatusCallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use when calling the `async_amd_status_callback` URL. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and the default is `POST`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Byoc&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;minLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;pattern&quot;: &quot;^BY[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The SID of a BYOC (Bring Your Own Carrier) trunk to route this call with. Note that `byoc` is only meaningful when `to` is a phone number; it will otherwise be ignored. (Beta)&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;CallReason&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The Reason for the outgoing call. Use it to specify the purpose of the call that is presented on the called party&#x27;s phone. (Branded Calls Beta)&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;CallToken&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;A token string needed to invoke a forwarded call. A call_token is generated when an incoming call is received on a Twilio number. Pass an incoming call&#x27;s call_token value to a forwarded call via the call_token parameter when creating a new call. A forwarded call should bear the same CallerID of the original incoming call.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;CallerId&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The phone number, SIP address, or Client identifier that made this call. Phone numbers are in [E.164 format](https://wwnw.twilio.com/docs/glossary/what-e164) (e.g., &#x2B;16175551212). SIP addresses are formatted as `name@company.com`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;FallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method that we should use to request the `fallback_url`. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and the default is `POST`. If an `application_sid` parameter is present, this parameter is ignored.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;FallbackUrl&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL that we call using the `fallback_method` if an error occurs when requesting or executing the TwiML at `url`. If an `application_sid` parameter is present, this parameter is ignored.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;From&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The phone number or client identifier to use as the caller id. If using a phone number, it must be a Twilio number or a Verified [outgoing caller id](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/outgoing-caller-ids) for your account. If the `to` parameter is a phone number, `From` must also be a phone number.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;endpoint&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetection&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to detect if a human, answering machine, or fax has picked up the call. Can be: `Enable` or `DetectMessageEnd`. Use `Enable` if you would like us to return `AnsweredBy` as soon as the called party is identified. Use `DetectMessageEnd`, if you would like to leave a message on an answering machine. If `send_digits` is provided, this parameter is ignored. For more information, see [Answering Machine Detection](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/answering-machine-detection).&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetectionSilenceTimeout&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of milliseconds of initial silence after which an `unknown` AnsweredBy result will be returned. Possible Values: 2000-10000. Default: 5000.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetectionSpeechEndThreshold&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of milliseconds of silence after speech activity at which point the speech activity is considered complete. Possible Values: 500-5000. Default: 1200.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetectionSpeechThreshold&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of milliseconds that is used as the measuring stick for the length of the speech activity, where durations lower than this value will be interpreted as a human and longer than this value as a machine. Possible Values: 1000-6000. Default: 2400.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;MachineDetectionTimeout&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of seconds that we should attempt to detect an answering machine before timing out and sending a voice request with `AnsweredBy` of `unknown`. The default timeout is 30 seconds.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Method&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use when calling the `url` parameter&#x27;s value. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and the default is `POST`. If an `application_sid` parameter is present, this parameter is ignored.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Record&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to record the call. Can be `true` to record the phone call, or `false` to not. The default is `false`. The `recording_url` is sent to the `status_callback` URL.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingChannels&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The number of channels in the final recording. Can be: `mono` or `dual`. The default is `mono`. `mono` records both legs of the call in a single channel of the recording file. `dual` records each leg to a separate channel of the recording file. The first channel of a dual-channel recording contains the parent call and the second channel contains the child call.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingStatusCallback&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL that we call when the recording is available to be accessed.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingStatusCallbackEvent&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The recording status events that will trigger calls to the URL specified in `recording_status_callback`. Can be: `in-progress`, `completed` and `absent`. Defaults to `completed`. Separate  multiple values with a space.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingStatusCallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use when calling the `recording_status_callback` URL. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and the default is `POST`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;RecordingTrack&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The audio track to record for the call. Can be: `inbound`, `outbound` or `both`. The default is `both`. `inbound` records the audio that is received by Twilio. `outbound` records the audio that is generated from Twilio. `both` records the audio that is received and generated by Twilio.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;SendDigits&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;A string of keys to dial after connecting to the number, maximum of 32 digits. Valid digits in the string include: any digit (`0`-`9`), &#x27;`#`&#x27;, &#x27;`*`&#x27; and &#x27;`w`&#x27;, to insert a half second pause. For example, if you connected to a company phone number and wanted to pause for one second, and then dial extension 1234 followed by the pound key, the value of this parameter would be `ww1234#`. Remember to URL-encode this string, since the &#x27;`#`&#x27; character has special meaning in a URL. If both `SendDigits` and `MachineDetection` parameters are provided, then `MachineDetection` will be ignored.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;SipAuthPassword&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The password required to authenticate the user account specified in `sip_auth_username`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;SipAuthUsername&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The username used to authenticate the caller making a SIP call.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;StatusCallback&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL we should call using the `status_callback_method` to send status information to your application. If no `status_callback_event` is specified, we will send the `completed` status. If an `application_sid` parameter is present, this parameter is ignored. URLs must contain a valid hostname (underscores are not permitted).&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;StatusCallbackEvent&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;array&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;items&quot;: {&#xA;        &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;&#xA;      },&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The call progress events that we will send to the `status_callback` URL. Can be: `initiated`, `ringing`, `answered`, and `completed`. If no event is specified, we send the `completed` status. If you want to receive multiple events, specify each one in a separate `status_callback_event` parameter. See the code sample for [monitoring call progress](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/call-resource?code-sample=code-create-a-call-resource-and-specify-a-statuscallbackevent&amp;code-sdk-version=json). If an `application_sid` is present, this parameter is ignored.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;StatusCallbackMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use when calling the `status_callback` URL. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and the default is `POST`. If an `application_sid` parameter is present, this parameter is ignored.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;TimeLimit&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The maximum duration of the call in seconds. Constraints depend on account and configuration.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Timeout&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;integer&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The integer number of seconds that we should allow the phone to ring before assuming there is no answer. The default is `60` seconds and the maximum is `600` seconds. For some call flows, we will add a 5-second buffer to the timeout value you provide. For this reason, a timeout value of 10 seconds could result in an actual timeout closer to 15 seconds. You can set this to a short time, such as `15` seconds, to hang up before reaching an answering machine or voicemail.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;To&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The phone number, SIP address, or client identifier to call.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;endpoint&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Trim&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to trim any leading and trailing silence from the recording. Can be: `trim-silence` or `do-not-trim` and the default is `trim-silence`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Twiml&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;TwiML instructions for the call Twilio will use without fetching Twiml from url parameter. If both `twiml` and `url` are provided then `twiml` parameter will be ignored. Max 4000 characters.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;twiml&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Url&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The absolute URL that returns the TwiML instructions for the call. We will call this URL using the `method` when the call connects. For more information, see the [Url Parameter](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/make-calls#specify-a-url-parameter) section in [Making Calls](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/make-calls).&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    }&#xA;  }&#xA;}</pre></section><section class="responses"><h2>Responses</h2><ul class="responses"><li class="response"><pre class="http-example"><span class="status-line">201</span> <span class="status-description">Created</span>
<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></li></ul></section></article></body></html>