<!DOCTYPE html><html><head><title></title><link rel="stylesheet" href="./OpenApi.css"/><meta charset="utf-8"/><meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"/></head><body><article><section class="requestOverview"><h1 class="request-summary">UpdateParticipant</h1><p class="request-description">Update the properties of the participant</p></section><section class="http"><h3>HTTP Request</h3><pre class="http-example"><span class="request-line">POST</span> <span class="http-target">\2010-04-01\Accounts\{AccountSid}\Conferences\{ConferenceSid}\Participants\{CallSid}.json</span> <span class="http-version">HTTP/1.1</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">host</span>: <span class="header-value">api.twilio.com:443</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">accept</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/x-www-form-urlencoded</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></section><dl class="parameters"><h3>Parameters</h3><dt class="parameter"><span class="parameter-name">AccountSid</span> [ in: <span class="parameter-location">path</span> type: <span class="parameter-type">string</span> ]</dt><dd class="parameter"><span class="parameter-description">The SID of the [Account](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/api/account) that created the Participant resources to update.</span> <span class="parameter-required">required</span></dd><dt class="parameter"><span class="parameter-name">ConferenceSid</span> [ in: <span class="parameter-location">path</span> type: <span class="parameter-type">string</span> ]</dt><dd class="parameter"><span class="parameter-description">The SID of the conference with the participant to update.</span> <span class="parameter-required">required</span></dd><dt class="parameter"><span class="parameter-name">CallSid</span> [ in: <span class="parameter-location">path</span> type: <span class="parameter-type">string</span> ]</dt><dd class="parameter"><span class="parameter-description">The [Call](https://www.twilio.com/docs/voice/api/call-resource) SID or label of the participant to update. Non URL safe characters in a label must be percent encoded, for example, a space character is represented as %20.</span> <span class="parameter-required">required</span></dd></dl><section class="requestContent"><h3>Request Body Schema</h3><pre class="schema">{&#xA;  &quot;title&quot;: &quot;UpdateParticipantRequest&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;type&quot;: &quot;object&quot;,&#xA;  &quot;properties&quot;: {&#xA;    &quot;AnnounceMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use to call `announce_url`. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and defaults to `POST`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;AnnounceUrl&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL we call using the `announce_method` for an announcement to the participant. The URL may return an MP3 file, a WAV file, or a TwiML document that contains `&lt;Play&gt;`, `&lt;Say&gt;`, `&lt;Pause&gt;`, or `&lt;Redirect&gt;` verbs.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;BeepOnExit&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to play a notification beep to the conference when the participant exits. Can be: `true` or `false`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;CallSidToCoach&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;maxLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;minLength&quot;: 34,&#xA;      &quot;pattern&quot;: &quot;^CA[0-9a-fA-F]{32}$&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The SID of the participant who is being `coached`. The participant being coached is the only participant who can hear the participant who is `coaching`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Coaching&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether the participant is coaching another call. Can be: `true` or `false`. If not present, defaults to `false` unless `call_sid_to_coach` is defined. If `true`, `call_sid_to_coach` must be defined.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;EndConferenceOnExit&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether to end the conference when the participant leaves. Can be: `true` or `false` and defaults to `false`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Hold&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether the participant should be on hold. Can be: `true` or `false`. `true` puts the participant on hold, and `false` lets them rejoin the conference.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;HoldMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use to call `hold_url`. Can be: `GET` or `POST` and the default is `GET`.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;HoldUrl&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL we call using the `hold_method` for music that plays when the participant is on hold. The URL may return an MP3 file, a WAV file, or a TwiML document that contains `&lt;Play&gt;`, `&lt;Say&gt;`, `&lt;Pause&gt;`, or `&lt;Redirect&gt;` verbs.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;Muted&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;boolean&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;Whether the participant should be muted. Can be `true` or `false`. `true` will mute the participant, and `false` will un-mute them. Anything value other than `true` or `false` is interpreted as `false`.&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;WaitMethod&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;enum&quot;: [&#xA;        &quot;HEAD&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;GET&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;POST&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PATCH&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;PUT&quot;,&#xA;        &quot;DELETE&quot;&#xA;      ],&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The HTTP method we should use to call `wait_url`. Can be `GET` or `POST` and the default is `POST`. When using a static audio file, this should be `GET` so that we can cache the file.&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;http-method&quot;&#xA;    },&#xA;    &quot;WaitUrl&quot;: {&#xA;      &quot;type&quot;: &quot;string&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;description&quot;: &quot;The URL we call using the `wait_method` for the music to play while participants are waiting for the conference to start. The URL may return an MP3 file, a WAV file, or a TwiML document that contains `&lt;Play&gt;`, `&lt;Say&gt;`, `&lt;Pause&gt;`, or `&lt;Redirect&gt;` verbs. The default value is the URL of our standard hold music. [Learn more about hold music](https://www.twilio.com/labs/twimlets/holdmusic).&quot;,&#xA;      &quot;format&quot;: &quot;uri&quot;&#xA;    }&#xA;  }&#xA;}</pre></section><section class="responses"><h2>Responses</h2><ul class="responses"><li class="response"><pre class="http-example"><span class="status-line">200</span> <span class="status-description">OK</span>
<span class="header-line">content-type</span>: <span class="header-value">application/json</span>&#xA;&#xA;null</pre></li></ul></section></article></body></html>